rewrite microsoft teams webhook (#36397)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftTeams/ReleaseNotes/1_4_70.md

#### Integrations

##### Microsoft Teams via Webhook

> - Adjust the integration to the new microsoft teams webhook format- using workflows instead of incoming webhook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update the integration to adapt to the new format of Microsoft Teams webhook by using workflows instead of the incoming webhook. for more information- <link to documentation>.
```

> - Updated the integration to adapt to the new format of Microsoft Teams webhook by using workflows instead of the incoming webhook. for more information- [link](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/reference/integrations/microsoft-teams-via-webhook).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Updated the integration to adapt to the new format of Microsoft Teams webhook by using workflows instead of the incoming webhook. For more information, see [link](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/reference/integrations/microsoft-teams-via-webhook).
```
